---
layout: post
title:  "What's New?"
date:   2014-01-28 22:15:00
categories: blog
thumbnail: post2
---

So, whats new in the life of little Elijah man? I'll tell you! Since the beginning of the new year, Elijah has devoloped quite the vocabulary. Not only is he a ragging spit fire, 24/7, who likes to throw everything he can get a hold of, across the room, but he has also discovered how to make his mommy's life, that much more crazy! From throwing noodles, and throwing himself down when he doesnt get his way, to giving sweet kisses, to saying; "cheessssss" when you hold a phone up to his face, he is still my little prince. 

His vocab consists of the following: chisss (cheese), plsss (please), gee-gee (kitty), choos (shoes), tickle, mmmmba/mmmboo! (anything round in shape is a ball or balloon), fssss (fish) boo (book), bubble, uh-oh, no!, mmhmm, (yes), uh-uh, (no), ba-ba, (food/drinks) momma, dadda, pa, nanananana, (nanny), digga, (doggy), and more! As far as developmental skills, we can ask him where his toes, eyes, nose etc are, and he will gladly show you, occassionally getting ears and eyes confused. His favorite show currently is Hercules on repeat, until mommy, has gone insane! He loves bbbbbbrrrrr-ing around with his cars, and constantly is bringing us books for him to read. His favorite outdoor activities consist of, drawing with chalk, even when he has to take a few bites here and there when mommy isnt looking, (when I always am!) car rides no matter the distance, swings at the park, throwing sand at the other children and geese, and spinning (his latest discovery) and becoming dizzy, leading him to fall down in laughter. His favorite pass time indoors however, is taking everything mommy just picked up and put away in his toy box, and scattering it across the living room floor where it just was, throwing his ball at inanimate objects and glasses half full of whatever beverage he thinks mommy should clean up that day, occassionally helping me sweep the carpet, drumming, and occasionally running up and down the hall blabbering while his little baby fat cheeks jiggle with excitement. 

My days consist of this, and each day is a brand new adventure with an almost 2 year old. He is a character, and I wish sometimes people could truly experience what happens in a day here with him! Thats not including the animals which amplify the stress levels about 80%! Now, dont read this and think by any means I am complaining! That couldnt be the fartest thing from the truth! I'm simply expressing the ups and downs of mommy-hood, life, and being as real as it gets! I am by no means a perfect mother, but every day however, I am reminded that live is to be chershed and it goes by quickly! Why not enjoy it!? My family is my everything, and without the choas, I wouldnt know what to do! 
