---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my site!"
date:   2014-01-28 15:40:28
categories: blog
thumbnail: post1
---

Welcome to my site! This is my first post, and with that, let me explain what this site is all about and why I created it.

My Name is Jennifer Armstrong. I am 23 years old, a stay at home mom, housewife, and fervent animal collector. (in other words, we have lots of animals). My son is 19mos old, and a ball of constant, ever changing chaos! So are our critters! We have 2 Siberian Huskies, A Beagle, A House Cat, and a Fish! Needless to say, my days are always full of some kind of excitement! This site was specifically created for family and friends who live out of state, and aren't _technologically enabled_. Therefore, instead of having to explain over the phone _how to work the facebooks and interwebs, and what the heck a tweet is_, I decided to direct them to one simple webpage, and from there, they can read, comment, and view all the amazing and sometimes horrible days, we, the Armstrongs, face. It's also a way for me to be creative, and not bother blowing up a newsfeed or youtube channel with the billions of pictures and videos I am guilty of taking, of one child, each day!! I know I personally never get tired of taking pics of my son, but im sure 30 pictures (slightly different each time) of him eating a bowl of spagetti gets old, fast. It's also a way, for me to eventually ween myself out of the social networking scene, and focus more of my time and energy on something that not only brings me joy, but also helps me stay productive! It's something I can be proud of, call my own, and hopefully, those who are reading this, too will enjoy! 
Another reason behind why I created this site was so that I could prove to my husband, _who is a software engineering ninja_ at Hewlett Packard, that I too, can be smarts and stuff, and can create a website of my very own. That being said, I definitely had to live up to the challenge and with some basic help from him, I ended up getting completely consumed by it, and loved every bit of it. Now, I am by no means saying that I am a master at this sort of thing! This is my first try, and I think I did a pretty darn good job. Enough to actually make it available to the public! As for the URL name? Yea, let me explain the reasoning behind that! 
I wanted to go with something like _TheArmstrongBlog_ or _ThemSillyArmstrongs_ but sadly, not only are those dull, and lame like every other blog URL name, but they also are overrated. _No offense if you have a blog and thats what its named_. I wanted something that would stand out, be easy to remember but wasn't cliché either. So, we got to thinking, and yes, you can thank Dan, the site name was in fact, his idea I just so happen to agree with. Afterall, who doesnt love wiggles and cupcakes!?